How to use django-wall
----------------------------

As the developer of a Django project
-------------------------------------

Install as in the installation instructions.

Include 'wall' in settings.py INSTALLED_APPS.

Then do
./manage.py syncdb

The templates were developed for Pinax, but should be modifiable for your project.

You create a new wall in the admin. The wall slug is required. If you plan to
associate a wall with a Pinax-style group, then using the same exact slug for
your wall as the associated group will make it easier to mange.

When administering the wall, if you need to add, edit or delete items for
whatever reason, staff members are urged to use the admin for that purpose.
At this time there is no mechanism for censoring or approving individual
items so you may need a link where a user can send complaints about abuse
to your admin team. (Since each item is specifically tagged with the author
and that tag is always based on the user's login credentials, you should be
safe from habitual abuse unless some user is lazy about protecting their
account and password info.)

The default setup will strip HTML tags before they are displayed on the wall.
Enforcement is currently done in the templates so you can change this.
Allowing wide-open HTML on the wall is probably dangerous, but I expect
that suitable safeguards will be added eventually to make the use of the
most simple and common tags reasonably safe.

The current policy is for a new item to be ruthlessly stripped in size to
match the limit set in the wall model. This policy may change in the future.

There is a useful templatetag called "recent_wall" designed for displaying a
purposely limited version of the wall. You can control the max number of items
and the max number of days old that these items can be.

By default any user can post on any wall and only item authors can edit
their own posted items. You can override either of these policies by
supplying callback functions as documented in the 'add' and 'edit' functions
in the views.py file.

Note that the supplied views allow you to override the target template_name
and, if appropriate, the form_class and the success_url.


As an end-user
---------------

When you encounter a wall, you should see a link for adding a new item.
Select this link and you will be shown a form where you can enter a
brief message for all to read.

The form will have a note that indicates whether or not you can embed
HTML tags in your note. It will also indicate the allowed size of your
note. If your message is too long, it will be truncated.

Note that some walls may have restrictions on who can enter or edit
items. Usually there are no such restrictions except that only an items'
author can later edit that item.

Don't worry about deleting old items. Ths system will periodically
delete old items automatically. Accordingly, don't use a wall as a
place to keep information that you might regret losing in the future.

